Simplify development setup for sapp (#35)
facebook/sapp: README.md

(sapp) $ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

Run the flask server in debug mode:
```shell
(sapp) $ python3 -m sapp.cli server --debug
```

Parse static analysis output and save to disk:
```shell
(sapp) $ python3 -m sapp.cli analyze taint-output.json
```

Installing dependencies for frontend:
```shell
(sapp) $ cd sapp/ui/frontend && npm install
```

> Run the flask server and react app in development mode:

Reviewer: It seems like we need to run the flask server and `npm run-script start` simultaneously. Could you add a line in the docs to communicate that?

Author: Sure

Author: @0xedward thanks. How does it look now 🤗?

(sapp) $ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

Run the flask server in debug mode:
```shell
(sapp) $ python3 -m sapp.cli server --debug
```

Parse static analysis output and save to disk:
```shell
(sapp) $ python3 -m sapp.cli analyze taint-output.json
```

Installing dependencies for frontend:
```shell
(sapp) $ cd sapp/ui/frontend && npm install
```

> To interface sapp through the UI, we need to run both the frontend
> and backend simultaneously. In a production environment they run
> in the same port (because we serve the compilled version of frontend
> through the flask app in production). But in a development environment,
> the frontend runs in port 3000 and the backend runs in port 5000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run SAPP with hot reloading of the Web UI, you need have the frontend and backend running simultaneously. In a production environment, they run in the same port. But in a development environment, the frontend runs in port 3000 and the backend runs in port 5000. You can indicate to SAPP to run in the development environment with the `debug` flag 
```
